hey guys today I am going to be
reviewing the Revlon Colorstay
foundation this is the one in
combination to oily skin and I have the
color natural tan it comes with an SPF
of 15 this retails for about eight
hundred seventy five rupees for about 30
ml of product and I love this foundation
that's it that's the review by this
foundation comes with a pump which is
very very easy to use and the foundation
itself is not watery or too thick if the
it's it's a very nice consistency and
it's very very blendable when I do apply
this on my face I will take half a pump
and I try to apply this in sections and
I make sure that I apply a little by
little and not a lot at one time as you
can see I'm applying this in a downward
motion and this sort of motion helps in
application of the foundation in a
better way
gives you a matte finish but this was
the color that was closest to my skin
that's why I got it but sometimes I feel
like it is a little wide for my face
this foundation itself takes about 15
minutes to kind of adjust to your color
the foundation stays on my face for
about like nicely about 12 hours I don't
know about 24 though but it does your my
face what about 12 hours which is a very
very long even if I sweat it does not
come off it's really weird because when
you sweat with this foundation on the
sweat kind of comes out and then you can
dab it with your handkerchief or
whatever you have but it's really your
light foundation hasn't come off but the
sweat comes through the foundation and I
find that to be a little hocus-pocus but
what is let's see if you are sweating
and you have this foundation on your
face don't swipe it like I know it's
really dry I'm shaking so all you have
to do is dab it like that just dab all
of this sweat away do not swipe it
because it will come off if you swipe it
but if you just dab like that all this
stuff is going to come off color this is
fantastic it stay it it basically hides
all of my blemishes but I do apply only
half a pump because I don't like super
coverage I do like my marks to show but
sometimes I use this at your launch a
lot of times yeah a lot of times I use
this as a concealer for my under eyes
because it does such a good job and I do
not have to set this with a powder and
it doesn't really trace or anything it's
a really nice foundation for that as
well a lot of people ask me that how
should they apply this pedigree family
shape you should apply this in smaller
sections of your face never take a light
add and just go in a circular motion as
to give you horrible horrible coverage
always apply in small sections and
always make sure that you apply in a
downward motion like that rather than
this just cool like that I feel like
this foundation works really well if you
exfoliate your skin
times a week if you do not have
exfoliated skin and if you have a lot of
dead skin on your face this is going to
give you a very disgusting look it's
going to make you look like you're like
a zombie or something because it kind of
clings on the dead cells of your face
and makes you look really horrible so if
you do a planet so if you want really
nice coverage and a really nice look
also make sure that you scrub your face
don't scrub your face right before you
applying this you scrub your face at
night sleep for like eight hours and
then wake up in the morning and then
apply this after applying all of your
moisturizers and stuff I really do like
this foundation I would definitely
recommend this to everybody all skin
types the only people that I would not
recommend this to our people who have
dry skin or dry patches this is going to
make your dry patches look horrible
you're better off applying some other
foundation that hydrate your skin this
will not do that also I feel like
there's a lot of chemicals in this so I
won't really I don't know like it gives
such nice results so I don't mind but I
definitely apply a good layer of
moisturizer before I apply this because
I don't want this to be on my face and
just you know what I mean so um people
have sensitive skin also I think you
should do a patch test with this before
you buy this because I feel like it's
really heavy on chemicals because it
smells like paint like if you smell like
okay so my habit is that whenever I buy
something I smell it first I don't know
why it's just a habit so I like when you
take a pump our foundation smell it
would really smell that horrid so when
you take out like this and then you
smell it you can tell it there's like a
glittery smell like paint so and you
don't want to hate on the smell because
it's such a good product in such a good
price range in photographs I notice it
in some photographs with super super
flash it does look a little bit choppy I
take a lot of
with flash doesn't look bad in those
pictures but there are some cameras that
have like supersonic flashes so on those
are flashes this looks really bad like
it looks like Gosling I think this is a
knight foundation definitely not a
knight foundation because it kind of
mattifies your face and doesn't give it
like a healthy glow so this is
definitely add a foundation not a knight
one say if you're looking for near like
nice like glamorous foundations this is
not one of those so I went to the store
and I wanted to get you know a
foundation for - ketone that chick
starts showing you like buff which is
basically for skin tones lighter than my
face and she kept on telling me how I'm
fair and how I should apply buff this is
gonna make me look fairer than fair I
kept on telling her that I don't want to
look fair I want to look nice and she
just didn't get it so I think that's the
one thing you have to be a little wary
of if you go to a Revlon store make sure
you tell them that you don't want that
color you want your own color any and if
they're like super persistent about you
buying the disturbing white color you're
walking away that's it that was my
review I hope you liked it and if you do
subscribe tell me your views and your
reviews of this foundation on Facebook
Twitter Instagram by using hashtag Delhi
fashion blogger and I would really like
to know what you guys thought about it
also mention your skin type and how
exactly you use it and you have any
issues and if you would want me to help
you out with that and say fine do
subscribe to my channel for new videos
every Tuesday Thursday and Saturday
subscribe to my channel by clicking on
the subscribe
you can also do two of my previous
videos by clicking on them